---
title: Account
description: General information about your Creathors account.
---

::callout{icon="i-heroicons-light-bulb"}
Only general information is on this page. If you want to know more about creator-specific features, head over to the [Creator's Page](/creators/account).
::

## Registration

::callout{icon="i-heroicons-light-bulb"}
Your initial name will be randomly generated. You can change this anytime in [**Dashboard** > **Settings** > **General**](https://dashboard.creathors.com/settings).
::

Anyone can create a Creathors account. It is the single requirement for using the platform; you won't be able to see or interact with posts without one.

You can register using your email or your existing account from **Discord**, **Facebook**, **X**/**Twitter**, **Twitch**, or **Google** by clicking on the **Get Started** button.

## Passwordless Login

To enhance account security, we don't use passwords, which can be compromised.

Instead, you can either log in with one of the existing accounts you used for [registration](#registration), or we will send you a one-time code to your email.

This ensures that only you can access your account.

## Public Information

We value your privacy and share almost none of your information publicly.

The only publicly visible information about your account are:

- Your main tag
- Your username
- Your description
- Your socials

## Change Email

::callout{color="amber" icon="i-heroicons-exclamation-triangle"}
It is currently not possible for users to change their own email. We are working on implementing this feature, and you can expect to be able to change your email soon. In the meantime, if you need to change your email, please contact us at <support@creathors.com>.
::
