---
title: Billing
description: All information about how we handle billing.
---

::callout{icon="i-heroicons-light-bulb"}
This page contains information about billing for paying fans. If you are a Creator and want to know more about how we handle billing for you, go to [Creator's Page](/creators/billing)
::

## Donations

Donations are the simplest way to support a creator.

You can donate to your creator by clicking the **Support with donation** button right under the creator's name on their page.

You choose the amount you want to send to the creator, as well as the message you include with your donation.

## Tiers / Subscriptions

Tiers are subscriptions that allow you to access tier-restricted posts by creators.

### Buying a subscription

Buying a subscription is easy. You can select one of the subscriptions shown at the top of the creator's page.

You can also buy a subscription displayed on a locked post.

### Managing subscriptions

You can view and cancel all of your subscriptions at [**Dashboard** > **Payments**](https://dashboard.creathors.com/payments) > **Invoices**.

## Pay-per-view

::callout{color="amber" icon="i-heroicons-exclamation-triangle"}
Be aware that if you buy pay-per-view to unlock a post, this doesn't guarantee permanent access to the content. The creator may still delete the post.
::

Pay-per-view is another option to unlock a creator's post.

If the creator has set up pay-per-view for a specific post, and you don't have the required tier to view it, you can use pay-per-view to unlock this specific post instead of buying a subscription.

## Invoicing

For any payment you make on Creathors, we create an invoice for you.

### Invoice contents

Invoices always contain all the information about the product you purchased, including its price and currency.

The invoice includes your address, which you **must** set at [**Dashboard** > **Settings** > **Billing** > **Address**](https://dashboard.creathors.com/settings/billing#address).

Invoices also contain either your first and last name or your company name, if one is set. If you set a TAX ID for your company, it will be included as well.

### Invoice overview

You can see the list of your invoices and your current subscriptions at [**Dashboard** > **Payments**](https://dashboard.creathors.com/payments) > **Invoices**.
