---
title: Account
description: Creator-specific information about accounts.
---

::callout{icon="i-heroicons-light-bulb"}
Only information about creator's accounts is on this page. If you want to know more about general account functions, head over to the [General Page](/general/account).
::

## Tags

Account tags are used for better filtering on the discovery page, as well as displaying the main focus of your creator's page.

### Main Tag

The main tag is the one tag that will be displayed right under your name. It should reflect the primary focus of your content.

### Additional Tags

::callout{icon="i-heroicons-light-bulb"}
You don't have to include the main tag again; it's automatically used for filtering.
::

Other tags are used for filtering on the discovery page. Use all the tags you would like to be recognized by to attract a potential new audience.

## Socials

::callout{icon="i-heroicons-light-bulb"}
Do you have any other social accounts you would like to connect? Let us know at <support@creathors.com>, and we will add them for you.
::

Socials are links to other social media accounts that will be displayed under your name.

You can include either the name of your account or the entire URL; we will handle the formatting for you.

## Picture and Background

You can upload your own profile picture and background, but make sure they have the correct size, otherwise, they might look stretched.

::card
|            |                  |
| ---------- | ---------------- |
| Type       | Recommended Size |
| Picture    | 240x240          |
| Background | 1920x330         |
::

## Username and Description

You can choose any username and description you want, but the username must be unique.

Changing your username will also change the link to your creator's page.

# Discovery Page

The discovery page contains information about all accounts.

The sorting is based on the number of subscribers and the date of account creation.

Changes to your account settings will be reflected within 24 hours.
