---
title: Billing
description: On this page, you will find everything you need to know about how
  we process payments and payouts.
---

::callout{icon="i-heroicons-light-bulb"}
This page contains useful information for creators. If you want more information about how we handle billing for fans, head over to the [Fans Page](/fans/billing)
::

::callout{icon="i-heroicons-light-bulb"}
We use [Stripe](https://creathors.com) for processing all payments. Most of the information on this page is based on how Stripe handles certain scenarios.
::

## Connecting Stripe account

To start receiving payouts, you first need to connect a Stripe account to our platform.

You can easily do this by going to [**Dashboard** > **Payouts**](https://dashboard.creathors.com/payouts), selecting your country, and following the Stripe onboarding process.

## Receiving payouts

Once you have [connected your Stripe account](#connecting-stripe-account) and linked a payout option, you will be able to start receiving payouts.

### Payout schedule

Payouts are processed automatically at the start of each month. You can expect payouts to arrive within the first week of the month.

### Payout ready payments

When you receive a payment, there is a 7-day delay before the funds are ready to be paid out. This delay is primarily for fraud and dispute protection.

All payments are available for payout **7 days** after they are charged.

For example, if you receive a payment on the **1st** of the month, it will be available for payout on the **8th** of the month.

## Taxes

We are the **merchant of record**, meaning we handle the collection and remittance of taxes. However, we do **not** provide tax advice or take care of tax reporting for you. You are still responsible for complying with tax regulations in your jurisdiction.

### Tax Reporting

As the **merchant of record**, we handle the collection of taxes on the payments made through our platform. However, **we do not handle tax reporting** for you.

- We collect and remit the taxes to the appropriate authorities.
- **It’s important to consult with a tax professional** to ensure you are complying with tax laws and obligations specific to your location.

### Exclusive tax

We automatically charge **exclusive tax** on all payments made through our platform. "Exclusive tax" means that the tax is:

- **Added on top** of the price your fans pay.
- **Not included** in the price you set for your products.

::card{title="Example"}
* Price you set: **$10**
* Tax rate: &#x2A;*10%**

Your fans will pay **$11*&#x2A;, which includes the **$1*&#x2A; tax. You will receive your cut out of the **$10*&#x2A; you set for your product, and the **$1** tax is withheld and remitted by us to the appropriate authorities.
::

### Creator's Responsibility

While we are the merchant of record and handle the tax collection and remittance, **you are still responsible for your taxes** in your jurisdiction.

- This includes ensuring you comply with your local tax laws and regulations.
- You must report and pay any taxes due to your local tax authority as required by your jurisdiction.
