---
title: Posts
description: Everything you need to know about creating and editing posts.
---

## Creating & Editing a Post

We strive to make creating and editing a post as easy and straightforward as possible.

You can create a post by going to [**Dashboard** > **Posts**](https://dashboard.staging.creathors.com/posts) > **New post** and filling in the required fields.

You can edit a post by clicking on the **Edit** button on the post.

Both creating and editing a post share the same form, ensuring predictability in how the post will look.

## Pinning

You can set any post as :u-badge{label="Pinned" variant="soft"} by toggling the button in the form.

This makes the post take priority over all non-pinned posts and makes them appear first.

## Post Types

Posts can have different types, and depending on their type, different content is provided in a post.

### Text

The simplest type is a text post. For this type, you only need to fill in the title and description. The description is optional.

### Image

The image type is similar to the text type but includes a thumbnail. You can upload any image as the thumbnail, as long as it meets the size and file type requirements listed under the upload button.

### Video

You can either upload your own video or link to a video from another site (such as YouTube) to create a post with the type `VIDEO`. If you upload your own video, you can also upload a thumbnail by uploading [Image](#image). You can add any description you want.

### Audio

For the audio type, you can upload any audio file. We will generate a visualizer with a custom player for the post. You can also upload [Image](#image) to customize the look of the player. You can include any description you want.

## Tags / Filtering

To make it easier for fans to navigate your posts, you can categorize them with tags. You can create as many tags as you want and assign them to as many posts as you see fit. Users can use tags to filter posts and view only those that are relevant to them.

## Tiers

You can assign posts to tiers. Regardless of the cost of each tier, posts will only be visible to users who are subscribed to one of the selected tiers. This allows fans to subscribe to multiple tiers that unlock different posts, instead of just upgrading their current subscription for more access.

## Pay-per-view

If you set a price for pay-per-view, your fans will be able to unlock the specific post without needing to subscribe to any tiers. It's usually best to set the pay-per-view price lower than the tier price to make this option attractive to fans. Unlocking a post via pay-per-view will grant permanent access until you delete it.

## Attachments

You can attach any file to a post and include as many files as you like. The only limitation is the file size, which is displayed in the UI below the upload button. Your fans will be able to download attachments directly from the post.

## Deleting a Post

::callout{color="amber" icon="i-heroicons-exclamation-triangle"}
Deleting a post will permanently remove all associated files, including thumbnails, videos, and attachments.
::

You can delete a post by clicking the red trash can icon on the post in [**Dashboard** > **Posts**](https://dashboard.creathors.com/posts).
